Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much.
Okay,
let's go.
Hi everyone.
My name's Anne-Marie Bayne. Today is
Monday, March the 2nd and this is the
Money Ball Morning Report. Charts by
TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menthor
Q.
We are looking at downward pressure
holding in the ES as we stare down this
chart. What I'd like to do is show you
the daily very quickly.
As you can see,
we're still in a range.
So, here's the thing. If things were
horribly dramatic,
we would have broken the range and
continued sell-off.
As someone who has actually seen this
happen
>> [laughter]
>> and be limit down into the beginning of
the day, we are not sitting in a space
where traders are
dramatically fearful. They just do not
appear to be fearful at this juncture.
Now,
what we really could see is
uh
a little bit of prolonged action with
this relatively serious skirmish. I'll
call it a skirmish right now.
But, what we are doing is sitting at the
bottom of the range. For deep value
buyers, this is a go no-go line. And if
we go to the 30-minute chart and you
happen to watch me on uh Market Kick Off
yesterday,
what I talked about was a dramatic
amount of volume coming in on the
bullish side here. Now, it took 2 hours
to resolve higher,
but it did move to the north before
collapsing at around 6856.
That's probably going to be the high
if buyers are
particularly nervous about what's going
on. We have
something that is sort of morphing into
Sui of Sui Sunni versus Shia. And so,
that um
that could make for more sticky bits.
That being said, what we're doing right
now is battling right this minute at
those areas that were carrying so much
volume and inside of the 30-minute
box of trading, right? That's my opening
range that I like to watch. Where's the
VWAP? Well, it's below us right now, but
it's definitely trending lower. What's
the bottom line? We have got to hold
this 6808.
That is the go no-go line in my mind.
Now,
we have the put wall here at 6800. So,
how might this affect us?
Well,
we are going to be in negative gamma and
so losing this edge again after spending
so much trying trying to hold it could
easily give us acceleration to the
downside. Easily.
That being said,
we could also dance around here. It
really depends on how negative that
gamma flow is. If you're like, "Lady, I
don't even know what you're talking
about with the negative gamma flow."
Don't even worry about it. Look at
price, realize the loss of 6808
needs to be immediately recaptured
or it's very likely that we have more
downside pressure, low 6768,
and then below that 6756,
and then below that 6733,
and then 6710. Do I anticipate that? No.
I suspect this is going to be some sort
of digestion mode
for whatever it is that we are staring
down. So, should we recover
6831,
we'll be back in the gap moving up into
and then 6873.
Hopefully, we recover and we get right
back in our little box. Let's take a
look at the NQ.
So,
our NQ trigger from Friday
did a really nice job of breaking us
down.
We're going to have it again. That
number's 24,955.
25,000's a big fat round number. So, you
know, if it gets above there, they'll
probably head after that supply zone at
25,022.
Okay? That's what That's what we're
looking at. The put wall is at 24,000
for the NQ. We haven't really talked
about the call walls cuz they don't
really matter right now. So, here we are
from a daily perspective. We're at the
bottom of the range. We haven't broken
it. Line in the sand, 24,500
or so. You know, that's going to take 50
ticks potentially as it gets noisy. What
is trend? Down. What is momentum?
Up.
And that's because they've been trying
to hold this floor
in the NQ.
So, what is that number?
I think it's 24,600.
And that's the the go no-go line
in my mind.
24,600
or so. It'll get sticky. They're trying
to build this area because Remember, in
the opening range, they spent a ton of
money trying to hold the floor.
And they lost the floor. Look at break
the break of both sides.
Pretty unusual to have a break that's
expensive,
but it did on both sides. Same thing in
the ES. This tells us markets are very
unstable and likely range-bound in a
gigantic pocket. Okay? We need to
recover. Remember, when momentum is up,
but trend is down, they are trying to
find resistance. So, where is that
resistance?
24,780
to
24,900.
The gap is going to be filled at 24,955.
They might try to fill the gap if we get
some forward traction. A lot of people
are going to try to buy the dip, but
see, they've been trying to buy the dip
since here.
And that's all they got, the lower high.
So, my suspicion is bounces are sell
zones. The broad RSI is telling that to
us on both sides of the equation. Let's
take a look at Micro Bitcoin.
So, the low
in Micro Bitcoin is uh
Friday's low at 65, but the live Bitcoin
charts tested 63,000
when
um
the shots were fired.
Okay? So, that's going to be a continued
line in the sand, that 63,000. So far,
Micro Bitcoin is holding
above
its 30-minute formation. So, what does
this tell us?
Couple of things. It could tell us,
"Hey, we're just sitting in a big flag
pattern."
And it is what it is. We break the flag,
we are going to be moving back down. So,
where is that break? The go no-go line
in my suspicion
is around 66,100.
We need to hold that line. If we don't,
probably heading back to 65 and below.
It's pretty messy, but that 30-minute
was
wide, right?
Didn't quite fill in the zone,
but they've come in and held the halfway
mark.
Pre-market lows are important to watch.
65,800.
We could wick down into there and move.
What is momentum telling us? It's
sideways.
Literally sideways. So, dips going to
give you solid buy regions.
Low 65,000's,
maybe 65
even if we're lucky, it comes in there
and gives us a bounce, but this is very
messy and it's still telling us that
they are trying to build some sort of
structure here, but the buyers are not
pushing us higher at this particular
juncture. They simply are not. It's very
sideways, significant congestion and a
lot of supply
that used to be demand is sitting up
here at the 67,500
area.
I would say that's a pretty fair
shorting zone. If if were me staring
this down, I certainly would be inclined
to look at around 67,600
anchored VWAP from Fri- from Thursday,
right where that demand area collapsed.
That would be what I would suspect to be
uh
a bearish formation. All right, let's
take a look at oil.
This is the big one.
Of course, uh
Could we have trouble at the Strait of
Hormuz? Yes. Uh
Iran came in with guns blazing,
literally, and
they've done a fair bit to hold
themselves off
conventionally, as it were.
What are we staring down here in grand
fashion? Let's take a look.
All of this area July 2025.
I think this was maybe the Israeli Iran
conflict. That's right at about 73.
And then we have 78
to the upside there. Look at all of this
price compression from a daily
perspective. They held inventory
all the way from 69 to 7750.
That's what we are going to stare down,
as well. If we can get into that 69
area, it looks pretty bullish. Take a
look at the 30-minute chart, though.
It's held
fairly well.
Big gap down. Excuse me, big gap up.
Faded [snorts] to about 71. Now, the
call wall is here at 70.
Because
Yeah, this one's going to be sticky. Um
The flow here
is
positive. It's got positive structure.
So, this wall should rise on any kind of
dip.
We shall see, but still sitting in the
middle of that 30-minute range. If
things escalate
and we have
a bigger event
or protracted movement, we're going to
be looking at 80. Now, I suspect the
powers that be would love to see this
fade.
And that fade puts us right at the
bottom
where the anchored view up from Friday
is, and that's $66.68.
That would be the sweet spot of a buy in
my mind, but
there's a dollar of risk sitting here.
So far, momentum is tracking price very
well, so it's not showing us anything
very dramatic. Remember, risk is
outsized. Margins are increased across
the board, all over the place, and so
our thought is what is trend. See, we're
very fortunate to have
a prop firm, because we don't really
have to worry about it. They worry about
all the risk. We just get to take the
trades and the setups.
So, um it gets us a little immune to
that. If you've got a live account, you
are going to be very careful and not
slinging around size like you're some
maverick.
Or at least I'm not. It's very important
to manage yourself in this space. The
fade of 71 gives us good price action to
the south.
Into 70 and then another bounce. Okay,
let's go to gold.
Gold's broken out.
Look at the 30-minute formation.
Interesting. All of our charts are
coming back to our 30-minute box.
This a very wide price action event.
as the low.
5321 and the high is well above
the call wall at 5440-ish.
5400 is the call wall. This is positive
gamma for this instrument, just like oil
is. So, this
wall will be, just like oil, it will try
to be a magnet
because the gamma flow for this
instrument is positive. Everywhere else
has negative gamma flow, and if the
negative flow gets significant enough,
we'll have ourselves a a bigger
expansion, but at this juncture, not so
much. What is our go no go line?
Well, that's kind of sticky. Right? For
buyers,
they have to hold 5321.
Where are we now? 5400.
That's $80 away.
So, risk is very high here if you're
trying to trade the overall trend. What
is momentum?
It's fairly bullish. However, it's
divergent. Notice the spike here
in momentum,
the higher high has given us a lower
high in momentum. That tells me we're
likely to fall into the box if that
trend continues, because the moving
averages are up,
this downward flow only tells us we have
support action that is being tested.
Nothing else about a breakdown. That
number is at 5380.
And so we would want to look at that.
There is a supply formation at 5350.
You know, we could look at that. I I'm
going to wait
for the base case here
to see if I can get a pretty solid dip
on the horizon. And that's what I'll be
staring down. Let's take a look at spy.
Spy's tracking at about 680 right now.
It's a little bit uh little bit around
that area, and you can see from a big
perspective, that's the bottom of the
range. So, deep wicks around this area
likely to hold.
The put wall is all the way down here at
675.
So, if we present with wicks like this,
but those wicks give us a lower high
event, like we are seeing currently,
a breakdown into 675 not out of the
question.
Do we normally have ourselves a little
bit of bounce action here from a
seasonal perspective? Yes, we do, but
these are different times, so we may end
up chopping around on the bottom here
before our next bounce.
Ideal buy zones in the spy will come
after
they've formed structure on the bottom.
They are bouncing off of those relative
highs that they've made and then coming
back and holding a low that allows us to
move forward. So far, there's none of
that. All right, stay frosty, folks.
Going to be interesting. Going to have a
lot of news.
You want to be careful. You want to
trade small. You want to manage your
risk. And listen, there's nothing wrong
with just watching the markets and
seeing if you can understand what's
actually happening. Trade your practice
account if you can. All right? Take
care, and I'll see you today
on the Benzinga platform and uh group
coaching on TopstepTV. Take care,
everyone.